Convert impersonal "users" to direct "you" in documentation (#4959)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/cloud/guides/backups/index.md

| Page                                                                                                      | Description                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Overview](/cloud/manage/backups/overview)                                                                                 | Overview page for backups.                                                                                                      |

> | [Configurable Backups](/cloud/manage/backups/configurable-backups)                                                         | Learn about how Scale and Enterprise tier you can customize your backup schedules according to your specific business needs |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Configurable Backups](/cloud/manage/backups/configurable-backups)                                                         | Learn about how you can customize your backup schedules according to your specific business needs with the Scale and Enterprise tiers  |
```
